This compound compiles a few operations for cleaning up/enhancing the result from `shatter_mesh`. 

### `shards`
Shards from `shatter_mesh`.

### `original_mesh`
The mesh used as the input for `shatter_mesh`.

## General

### `lock_input`
This locks the input by caching it in a feedback port, preventing upstream nodes from recomputing. `shatter_mesh` can be slow, enabling this helps speed up the graph when only the post-processing is being adjusted.

### `update_normals`
Update mesh normals using `soften_hard_edges`.

### `hard_edge_angle`
Angle used for preserving detail when subdividing and/or remeshing, also used with `soften_hard_edges` for updating normals.

### `lock_output`
Lock the final output, preventing the node from recomputing when adjustments are finished.

## Subdivide
Catmull-Clark subdivision for adding detail to shards. Subdivision is faster and preserves shape better than remeshing, however the resulting geometry will generally be less uniform. For situations where lots of detail is required if may be better to use remesh, in conjunction with or instead of subdivision.

## Remesh
Enables remeshing of shards. For details see the `remesh` compound info.

### `preserve_exterior`
Preserve shard exteriors when remeshing. Exterior referring parts of each shard with the original mesh's surface.

### `lock_remesh`
Lock remesh result, preventing this step of the process from recomputing.

## Displacement
Designed with adding jaggedness to shards in mind. Usage with `fractal_turbulence_field` connected to `displacement` is recommended.

#### Scale
There are multiple scale parameters for different parts of the shards, with the idea that the internal points should displaced, while leaving the exterior/original surface mostly undisturbed.

### `disp_scale`
Overall displacement scale.

### `scale_external`
Displacement scale for the exterior points.

### `scale_perimeter`
Displacement scale for points on the parameter of where internal/external faces meet.

### `scale_internal`
Displacement scale for internal points.

#### Project
Project displacement vector onto surface, this helps preserve the original surface.

### `push_in_perimeter/internal`
Push either perimeter or internal points inwards to help prevent points from exiting the original surface.

#### Post Displacement

### `expand`
Push points along their normal

### `smooth`
Smooth points post displacement

### `smooth_weights`
Weights used for smoothing

- **Disp Weights** <br> Use weights generated by the various scale parameters for smoothing as well.

- **Internal Only** <br> Only smooth internal points.

- **All** <br> Smooth all points equally.


## Transform
Transform shards.